16 Coca-Cola Stories That Made Headlines in 2016 
By: Journey Staff | Dec 22, 2016 
From a bold new marketing strategy for the Coca-Cola Trademark, to investments in emerging beverage categories, to major sustainability milestones, The Coca-Cola Company made more than a few headlines this year.
Before we officially turn the page to 2017, here's a look back at 16 noteworthy Coke stories from 2016:
'One Brand' Marketing Strategy, Global Ad Campaign Unite Coke Trademark
Marking a significant shift in its marketing strategy, Coca-Cola announced in January 2016 that for the first time, all Coke Trademark brands will be united in one global creative campaign: “Taste the Feeling”. Chief Marketing Officer Marcos de Quinto, who unveiled the “one brand” approach at a media event in Paris, said the strategy extends the equity and iconic appeal of the world’s No. 1 beverage brand to Coca-Cola Light/Diet Coca-Cola, Coca-Cola Zero and Coca-Cola Life. It also underscores the company’s commitment to choice, offering consumers whichever Coca-Cola suits their taste, lifestyle and diet – with or without calories, with or without caffeine.
CEO Succession: 5 Questions With James Quincey and Muhtar Kent
Coca-Cola President and Chief Operating Officer James Quincey will succeed Muhtar Kent as CEO in May 2017, the company announced in December. We spoke with Quincey and Kent about the opportunities and challenges that lie ahead for the business.
Coca-Cola Becomes First Fortune 500 Company to Replenish All Water Used Globally
What began as an aspirational goal nine years ago became a global industry milestone in Auguest when Coca-Cola became the first Fortune 500 company to replenish the equivalent amount of water used in its global sales volume and production back to nature and communities. In 2007, Coca-Cola committed to replenishing every liter of water used in its global sales volume and production by the end of 2020. The announcement, made at the start of World Water Week in Stockholm, means the company and its bottling partners have achieved this aggressive target five years ahead of schedule.
Company Makes Strong Progress in Bottler Refranchising Process
Coca-Cola continues to transform the company to a higher-margin, higher-return business, which includes leading a strong, dedicated global franchise system. The company made solid progress toward this goal in 2016, including refranchising agreements involving territories around the world. This complex process includes refranchising in the flagship North American market. In 2016, many territories in the United States transitioned to new or expanding bottlers.
Ice Dew and smartwater Become Billion-Dollar Brands
China’s Ice Dew and smartwater, which is offer in the United States, Canada, Great Britain and South Korea, both passed $1 billion in annual retail sales in 2015. Since 2007, The Coca-Cola Company has added 10 brands to its billion-dollar portfolio across a range of beverage categories. Not far behind, a pipeline of 14 additional brands currently generate annual retail sales between $500 million and $1 billion.
