A Look Back on Our Work in 2017
A Letter From Our Chairman and CEO

Company News

Johnson & Johnson made headlines in a lot of unique and impactful ways in 2017, including the announcement of our acquisition of Actelion and the launch of the GenH Challenge, a global social venture competition dedicated to finding solutions for some of the world's toughest health problems.

Donation Johnson & Johnson made to Save the Children for hurricane relief.

The company also made industry-leading news when it announced that it was expanding its parental leave benefits  —by the end of 2017, Johnson & Johnson employees across the globe were eligible to take a minimum of eight weeks of paid parental leave for birth and adoption — and its military leave benefits. Employees who serve are now eligible to receive their full salary, in addition to what the military pays, while deployed.

These are just some of the ways that the purpose driven company is committed to honoring Our Credo and helping reshape health for humanity — and it is work that is being recognized widely. In 2017, Johnson & Johnson was named to the Fortune Change the World list and Fortune's Most Admired Companies list. And those are just two highly respected recognitions bestowed upon the company last year.

Actelion brings to Johnson & Johnson a best-in-class, paradigm-shifting portfolio of medicines that can help address an important medical need: pulmonary arterial hypertension. Identifying medicines that are going to help slow down the progression of the disease, improve patient quality of life and hopefully extend life is a very important mission.
— Joaquin Duato, Executive Vice President and Worldwide Chairman, Pharmaceuticals

Johnson & Johnson's public commitment to improving the world we live in dates as far back as the 1970s, when the company's mission statement, Our Credo, was updated to include this tenet: "We are responsible to the communities in which we live and work and to the world community as well."

Starting in 2010, the company has been setting public Citizenship and Sustainability goals every five years—and tracking the progress made toward them.

In 2016, Johnson & Johnson launched a new set of five-year objectives, known as the Health for Humanity 2020 Goals, which include providing better access to healthcare worldwide, making the places we live and work in healthier, and teaming up with partners to achieve these commitments. To help showcase the strides made toward achieving these new goals in 2017, the company debuted a new 2016 Health for Humanity Report.

From a new coalition aimed at helping to advance vaccine development for pathogens to a unique tool that enables the company to make products that are kinder to the planet, we explore the many ways Johnson & Johnson is focused on changing the trajectory of human health for the better.