to allstaff
Subject: Pulling Out of Our Funding Deal!
Howdy, Mozzers.
I wish I was writing with better news, but unfortunately, as we suspected last week, our potential investor has terminated our Letter of Intent (LOI) and will not be pursuing the round we signed off on a few weeks back. The reason they gave was the softness in our June and July numbers and the lower revised estimates for our end of year revenue. I pressed on ‘9 in a phone call yesterday morning as to whether this was truly the whole story - after all, our revenue is only expected to be off our targets by 8% - but he was adamant that this was, in fact, the sole concern they had.
While this is disappointing, there is some upside. We don't want a fair-weather friend for an investor on our board, nor someone who doesn't fully believe in the company’s future and potential. We are also free to pursue the course we feel best without having to please a new. outside investor on the board. who might have pushed for us to run fire drills to make up missed revenue targets rather than focus on the long term. We get to focus on the things we believe in – that includes some short-term booster projects, but primarily it means improving our data sources. our app and our content as well as preparing for the M02 launch.
Over the next few weeks, we’ll be having a lot of conversations throughout the company about whether to re-engage in the funding process. We have several other suitors who are still interested, but given the circumstances my personal opinion (at least right now), is that we should continue to operate independently. We're in the middle of an extraordinary year - growing from $5.7mm in revenue last year to $11.4mm+ in 2011. That’s 100% growth in a single year, and it's considerably higher than the growth we had between 2009 and 2010 ($4.1mm to $5.7mm). We’re going to be profitable again this year (our 3rd in a row) and while we may need to grow more conservatively than we'd hoped. We are still on track to become one of the few startups in Seattle with eight figures of revenue, and one of the few ever to have achieved that goal with only $1.1mm in funding.
I'm proud of what we've achieved, bullish on where we're going, and crazy excited for [redacted] and I'm relieved we're not adding someone to our board who doesn’t share those beliefs.
If you've got questions or want to chat more feel free to grab me, I'll be in the office for the remainder of the week and Monday of next week. I'm also planning on joining in for Champbeer Wednesday tonight (Martin, let me know where we're going) :-)