Hi Sean

Today I’m opening Earn1K, my course that shows you step-by-step how to earn money doing what you love.

I remember when I first started learning about personal finance, everyone focused on cutting back. No more spending on this! Just save a dollar each day! And on and on. I didn’t want to live like that. I was willing to put in the work, but I wanted to know that there was a light at the end of the tunnel. I wanted to know that if I worked, I could expand the pie and earn more. Not just worry about cutting back and saving $2/day.

If you’ve got something you love…something you read about on Saturday mornings while everyone is asleep…and something you could talk about for hours and hours…You have something that could be the start of a new side business. A new way to earn money and expand the pie. You can start off small – with a client, then two, then three. If you want, you can scale up to $1,000/month, $2,000/month, $5,000/month and beyond. And you can do it all on your own time. Keep your full-time job and start this on the side.

If you’re not getting paid to do work you love, here’s your chance…

·        Even if you don’t know what you’d focus on
·        Even if you don’t have any ‘marketable skills’
·        Even if you’re busy and work full-time (it takes just 5 hours/week)

That’s why I created an in-depth course to guide you and ensure your success.

It’s called Earn1K, and I crafted it to walk you through every step – how to find a profitable idea, how to find clients who are delighted to pay, and even how to scale your side business. Each module breaks down the entire process and shows you exactly what to do next – from finding your first idea, to landing a paying client, and raising your rates.

And for a limited time, I’m opening the doors.

This is completely different material than what my Zero to Launch course offers. Earn1K focused on freelancing, consulting and working 1-on-1 with clients. Zero to Launch focuses on productizing your knowledge via an online business.

This course will show you the specific steps to create a business on the side. I’ve gathered 100,000+ data points and invested hundreds of thousands of dollars designing, testing and optimizing the course.
I’ve designed the entire system so you’ll have help staying on track. There are built-in email follow-ups and check-ins along with master classes on managing your time.

And with Earn1K 2.0 I’ve added over 25 hours and hundreds of pages of new scripts, techniques, tactics and case studies.

If you want to take skills you already have to earn $1,000 each month for the rest of your life, check out the course details.

So, hundreds of students have sent me individual questions about Earn1K. Here are 2 of the most common ones:

“Do I need an idea to join Earn1K?”
No, you don’t need an idea yet. I’ll teach you the exact process to find your first profitable idea, so you can start earning money.

“How do I join if I don’t have that kind of money lying around right now?”
If you have credit card debt, do not join – I’ll cancel your membership and ban you for life. Start by checking out my book from the library for free instead.

Now, what if you’re on the fence – or you want to spread out your investment?

1.      Convenient payment plans: I’m offering monthly payment plans to help manage the enrolment cost of the Earn1K course.
2.      My ridiculous guarantee: I increased the guarantee period from 30 days to a full 60 days – more time than it takes to complete the entire course?

Why would I increase the guarantee when I don’t have to? I can offer this because I’ve rigorously tested my course with over 5,000 students. I know it works, and I want this to be a no-brainer for you.

You can try the ENTIRE course without risking a thing. You have to love it, or you can email me and I’ll give you a full and complete refund of your enrolment. I’ll even eat the credit-card fees.

Questions about the course?
You can ask your SPECIFIC questions about the course to my product coaches on the launch page – they’re live and taking questions right now.

Just click the yellow button on the page to ask them your questions.

Again, Earn1K is officially OPEN.

If you want to earn money on the side you don’t have to decide for 60 days. You just have to try. Join Earn1K now.

Ramit